[Music]
twelve success secrets revealed by
famous billionaires being successful in
this or that way is what we all want to
achieve from Mark Zuckerberg to Elon
Musk following their simple success
principles is guaranteed to change your
life for the better note that we've
hidden three lightbulbs symbols of
bright side in between the temps be the
first to find them and share your
discoveries in the comments number 12
find your goal and formulated correctly
Steve Jobs did not want to release a
phone his goal is a phone that could
function as a computer but was easy to
use your goal should be specific for
example you like to bake cakes and you
would like to do it more often and give
some profit out of it I want to bake
cakes for money is an incorrect way to
formulate your goal the right goal would
be to open a bakery where my cakes will
be sold if you dream of a world tour it
will be wrong to set a goal I want to
travel the world it's a wish not a goal
the right formulation would be I want to
earn twenty thousand dollars for my
travels
[Music]
number 11 make a plan and follow it how
are you going to travel around the world
what kind of Transportation are you
going to use what will be your route
when are you going to start planning
short term and long term goals helps to
identify weaknesses and major tasks that
need to be focused on perhaps after
drawing up the plan you will understand
that your goal is not to earn twenty
thousand dollars for a trip on a liner
but to find like-minded people for
hitchhiking around the world Elon Musk
wants to colonize Mars having drawn up
the plan he concluded that the main
obstacle was the high cost of flying to
the Red Planet now Elon is busy
developing more economical space
transport number 10 don't hold yourself
back you've probably heard about such a
thing as emotional intelligence it is
the ability not to suppress but to
manage your emotions and display them
where it's appropriate also suppressed
emotions worse than physical well-being
therefore do not be shy to show you true
feelings and emotions at least for
visiting doctors less often look at
Oprah Winfrey for example that strong
powerful woman always speaks up and
shows how she truly feels about
something that matters to her number 9
love what you do
here's the favorite story of Mark
Zuckerberg in 1962 John Kennedy visited
the NASA Space Center in one of the
offices he noticed the cleaner who was
so engrossed in sweeping the floor that
he did not even notice him hi I'm John
Kennedy what are you doing here
Kennedy addressed them the janitor
answered I'm working so that humanity
could go to the moon mr. president
that's one great example of truly loving
what you do and believing in its
importance if you are not obsessed with
your own business or the goal you are
aiming at the path to success will be
long and most likely endless if you're
not in love with your job it's difficult
to change your attitude towards it if
you cannot quit try to consider your
current position as a tool to achieve
your goal number eight do what feels
right to you there will always be people
giving you advice and offering you
once-in-a-lifetime opportunities they
might be indeed doing it trying to help
you however taking the decision only out
of fear that the opportunity will be
lost is wrong let your personal beliefs
and inspiration move you not fear only
do what feels right to you and when it
feels right to you follow Warren
Buffett's advice you don't have to swing
at everything you can wait for your
pitch
[Music]
number seven spent money consciously if
you need to buy another dress
go ahead but before you do it consider
how much closer this dress will bring
you to your goal Steve Jobs used to say
spending a dollar wisely is more
difficult than earning it that's very
wise
weren't you going to travel around the
world maybe it's better to buy sneakers
in which it will be more comfortable to
hitchhike or to take a foreign language
course without which it will be
difficult to organise a budget trip if
you are obsessed with your goal then the
refusal of a dress or any other impulse
purchase will be an easy task for you
number six use your time wisely time is
a valuable resource and one should also
approach it in a conscious way just like
spending money Mark Zuckerberg is
positive that you can't succeed if you
spend your energy on stupid and
frivolous things so he is trying to
cleanse his life from things that don't
have any sense choosing clothes is one
of those things according to him no
surprise we see him in the same great
t-shirt every day we all have more
significant time consumers than choosing
clothes for example the inability to say
no say no to gossip social media the
wish to do several tasks simultaneously
and then stop halfway
all these things consume your time that
would be better invested in yourself
just like other resources are you
looking for the lightbulbs are you
finding them they can be anywhere so
keep watching till the end number five
set priorities it is impossible to be
successful in everything sorry if you
plan to sell gingerbread cookies in a
pastry shop but do not know how to bake
them you do not need to learn a new
skill perhaps it will be more effective
to find an expert in gingerbread baking
and begin working together here's an
example you on must believes in solar
systems but understands that he doesn't
have enough strength for everything
that's why he dedicated himself to Tesla
and SpaceX and the Solar City project is
managed by other specialists the habit
of prioritizing is useful not only in
work but also in other aspects of life
if you decided to spend an evening with
your family do not get distracted by
work and friends the desire to succeed
in everything will not only lead to
failure but will also consume your
energy number 4 don't be afraid to fail
do you know what Oprah Winfrey is
Stephen King and Walt Disney have in
common they all failed on their way to
success and they ended up doing more
than well as you know the secret to use
failure for your own good is to see it
as a step towards success if things
didn't work this time know who would
happen and you will find a way to fix it
next time you try failure often gives
birth to innovation if you worry too
much about making a mistake you might
miss that innovation in your way number
three don't complicate your life
British business magnate Richard Branson
teaches us that the desire to complicate
things is your enemy everyone can create
something complex it's hard to do
something simple progress has simplified
communication shopping and cleaning the
house for us however often the
difficulties in life are provoked not by
external circumstances but by ourselves
somebody complicates their lives through
the sense of guilt others through
unpleasant people with whom they have to
communicate or through the desire to
please everyone
remember this a person must breathe
drink water and eat in order not to die
if he wants to live that's it
there should be no must in any other
situation
[Music]
number two say no to stereotypes and the
priorities of other people a woman's
place is in the kitchen real men don't
cry
we need children to have someone taking
care of us when we are old how often do
you hear those stereotypes distort our
perception of reality and also prevent
us from having a good life achieving our
goals and being happy it was the desire
to be different from others that helped
many billionaires become what they are
today
Steve Jobs knew what he was talking
about your time is limited that's why
you shouldn't lose it by living other
people's lives do not fall into the trap
of dogma do not let the noise of other
people's opinions beat your inner voice
[Music]
number one live not only for yourself
for modern billionaires philanthropy is
a spiritual priority many of them spend
money to support the needy to develop
art education and medicine Bill Gates
and Warren Buffett started their The
Giving Pledge campaign the idea of which
is donating 50% of their income to
charity there are more than 150
participants in this campaign including
Mark Zuckerberg George Lucas Victor
Pinchuk and Vladimir Putin in giving
someone your time attention and energy
means investing in them prioritizing
correctly is important children in
orphanages or animals and shelters need
your time more than
who complains about her lazy husband of
course the principles described above
won't make your billionaire overnight
but success doesn't always mean money
it's also about doing what you love and
feeling happy do you agree and did you
find all the lightbulbs feel free to
share in the comments
you